simplify installation documentation (#2970)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/configuration.md

strategy can lose all your money. Be aware of what you are doing when
you run it in production mode.

> ### Setup your exchange account

Author: arrr yes i messed up and copied it into 2 places, and modified it only in one :D 

regarding the telegram bot - i know it's missing now - but it's not related to setting up exchange keys, nor is it directly related to the installation (where it was before).
So honestly, i do struggle to find an appropriate place for this.

}
```

You should also make sure to read the [Exchanges](exchanges.md) section of the documentation to be aware of potential configuration details specific to your exchange.

### Setup your exchange account

> You will need to create API Keys (usually you get `key` and `secret`) from the Exchange website and you'll need to insert this into the appropriate fields in the configuration or when asked by the installation script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to create API Keys (usually you get `key` and `secret`, some exchanges supply it with `password`) from the Exchange website and you'll need to insert this into the appropriate fields in the configuration or when asked by the installation script.
```

> API Keys are usually only required for real / production trading, but are not required for paper-trading / dry-run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Keys are usually only required for live trade (trading for real money, bot running in the "production mode", executing real orders on the exchange) and are not required for the bot running in the dry-run (trade simulation) mode. When you setup the bot in the dry-run mode, you may fill these fields with empty values.
```
